okay here we are
October 4 2009
you're looking at a 2004 Lake Sevan for
Nissan Titan beautiful be excellent
truck in most cases but here's a little
problem we're encountering the heater
doesn't work which is a common problem
with this vehicle so in order to get it
to work this is what we're having to do
here come around to the back of the
vehicle I'm going to see
a - assembly
yeah pretty pretty intricate pretty
involved this - assembly and
up here we've had to remove the center
council along with the - assembly
and we're going to walk in I'm going to
show you what the inside of this looks
like there we go that's what the inside
looks like because of our little heater
problem today everything has been pretty
much taken out except for the seats and
actually the recommended that the seats
be taken out okay we're going to go
around to the front and we're going to
show you what is the cause of this okay
here we go
that's the heater unit right there
this heater unit is the culprit and the
heater unit that heaney unit right there
needs to be be nice if it could be
repaired but it's gonna have to be
thrown away and it's going to have to be
thrown in a landfill because Nissan
doesn't take it back and repair it nor
does it make the part that needs
repairing
let me show you that little part right
here this is where the part life move
this remove this and
this little thing right here it's a
little plastic arm
fits right inside there snaps off and
when this snaps off you've got to do
what we just see right here you give it
threw that thing away
you've got to tear this car apart take
out the center console take out the
whole dash assembly with dozens and
dozens of wear hookups here that have to
be clipped back in the amount of hours
taken to do this is about eight hours by
the book okay a total class of this part
right here with parts and labor because
that has to be replaced is about fifteen
to eighteen hundred dollars for this
little piece of plastic right here okay
welcome to the world of
Nissan Titan